terrens. 319

ments of this world, as having nothing in them solid,
sincere, or lasting I could readily forego: but the
looking-for of that unknown state, into which I am to
enter when I put off this body of frailty and corrup-
tion, is confounding and terrible. The prospect into
futurity is all darkness and uncertainty; nor can the
nearest relation or friend, who is gone before me,
re-pass the guli that is sured between us, to give me

Α the least notice or intimation of it. ’Tis this thought
that forbids me, polluted as I now am, though everso
much wearied with life, to wish for my dissolution;
this reminds me, that, though the body be slceping
and mouldering in the grave, the soul dieth not.
nor yet slumbereth: the place and condition 01 00-
bodied spiritS, who 01 011 mankind knoweth? What
thought can conceive that which the eye never saw,
nor the ear heard 01 f Who shall inform me 01 that
state, from whence there is no return?

Surely there isa reward for the righteous; the
souls 01 the faithful, after they are delivered from
the burthen 01 the flesh, are undoubtedly in joy and
felicity; but then where shall the ungodly and the
sinner appear? where shall l, who have spent many
years in idleness and vanity‚ and have no merit of my
own to plead forme? where shall Ι, who have not
treasured up one good work to bespeak the favour 01
the Almighty; and have only the sufferings of Jesus
Christ-and those very sufferings often skxgmteb„

trampled on, and rejected by 'me-to o‘der 'xxx m
behalf?

 

